whatsapp gentlemen are click days like
you can see below us flow
of the titan foleus beta images
I am in the company of gods frax hello a
all I'm johnny click to say what
frax a truly famous character
now even as we can even say
Don Quixote knows it as Slovenia
street aspects
I 'm crashing the day anyway
however we are here on titan pole because
because I wanted to do this commentary
with sentences because I have to well I was not
obviously we are play is really
very strong and there are none
inverted commas in this sentence
brothers because we really have some
really huge and frax play skills
however we are here because I have it
tried it on pc and he tried it on xbox
one so I want to hear at the beginning
the feeling of frachey on the xbox one is
it was me and the xbox one we never have
had a good feeling
well if I throw plot it is always his own a
console level for then changed type
ventor dc power supplies however for the rest
so when the gentleman wants him
power supplies xbox one functions we are
I managed to play this beta
that I received the key and the first
impressions
let's say they were good on the level
playability though as like
let's say it's rumored a bit around
I was a little disappointed with the textures
even though I then heard that they did
even the sum has quadrupled
the definition of injured textures on
definitive game is the thing that has me
made to remain a little ill then I don't know if
maybe you'll agree too about it is
that you then praise the robottoni high well
tor 10 meters always 28 dc is recurrent is
But you can't destroy a single one
sapling
eh yes the thing the thing will be distributed
is distributed calculate of
distribution
the thing you want to destroy the environment
surrounding
you know you can't destroy it
felt a mess of boxing I had to be
to be honest when I saw it
the game for the first time in colony
I thought that then type something also like
of
super programmed as an explosion of
palace or the titan that crashes
at a certain point everything collapses
I thought to see him in the beta I don't know now
if in the final game, however, it will be certain
you imagine the frax that if that game
like you take the robot and turn you
crashing across the map practically
tv after two minutes would be tabula rasa
of 16 days type on the beach to the sea
from you where there is no one there
quiet, however , I must be honest
I must admit that a little bit of that is
of education in a game of ci must
then be something that I think
ago there were certainly the fact that
I think the weapons against the titans for i
soldiers for the pilots on foot in my opinion
they must be a little stronger
because yes there is the missile what to do one
from yoko lake or three four missiles e
thrown down and feasible though but of
that problem if you are if you fly
titane if near type at a junction a
of the walls just what short type you or do
the slide with the titan says it crashes
against the neighboring building but oh well
it also depends on the environment where you are
however, destruction is true
that also in the first I had said
time I remember that I tried the game
I immediately said type aromas speaks because
he was there and shit lomi images I'm
game so if it could be destroyed
destroy everything serves a cool
hallucinating but I must say that now
kind of truck game I don't know about me
he took a mess because I enjoy myself
also because you know what was entrusted
according to me they come from anybody
point and to me the fact of running on the wall
I went in from the window to the lupine is
one very cool thing is pretty cool
that is, personally he also took me
quite later because we say anyway
which also done by the same
from a part of those of the spi year
developed have also worked on the various
cod
and that apart from the first modern
warfare yes yes no
mv three tests you do n't remember anyway
if we say that playability is one
frantic shooter let's say
captivating then there is this thing that
take the crazy titan super type weapons
big cocks, that is, immense things very cool from
use and also nice to play then
he also took a lot from me
here is only that we hope that with
surely then they will do the
respondent chaman is pronounced
ethically they will do it with the game then
in short, the 70- euro final will be released
not in my opinion a belgium with and
especially for new consoles
generation even if they say that from various
tests they did will turn will turn
this game also quite
also powerfully on the consoles or
genre 60 asked for three yes to
end however they do because everywhere 360 ​​e
ps3 I am still very used also because
if he fears flex, that is on ps 4 juan again
They are not those anticipated titles out there
watch dog if more postponed than beautiful
that 9 but also because now they are there
that is to say they are still objectively
few titles in place of pro cliffs
there is little choice, that is, therefore, one
can play those four games for
consul
enough then they don't already have nothing left
there are more than 250 billion games
it means yes also because we are kind
at the beginning of the great career of
these new consoles that in my opinion to the
end will smash a mess and why you
let it fuel for a moment then second
me will come out of the European countries
epic stuff that I am still me
I remember we did n't go digging rose
having seen the division, I was left with it
quite
seneca I go to see you some tra
some brothers trailer because
really something famous that trail
something tigers but I don't sleep from a casino
of time and then type which frozen and
max known in Milan type has me
dislocated any piece of body
when he tried to find me on the couch
therefore at my age I love it
we know we have a sundial
or esata speaks of something else
then frax little cchs remember could
appear even in a very small video
of the tour puts out of the world that is
to get anyway , you're the one
I had my conclusion on titan
poker like game like i like it because it is
fast and dynamic and dynamic and I like it
that you can go wherever you want in all
pieces of the map the robots the titans
he likes a mess
the only thing that gives me a little life
silva annoyance that then okay brothers
we can not do anything in
destruction of the surrounding environment but
all in all I enjoy a casino
on that game
so I greet you I tell you Johnny Creek
as always thank you so much brothers love
total
I leave the conclusion to fraxel
final greeting dodd frank trucks and vi
greeting telling you giving in the latest news
that is to say practically a col
now since the closed beta will not be
the most downloadable beta for the PC while
instead it became open beta for the xbox
one so for a one box you can
still play until the exit that will be
March 15 and nothing to love
total from john to crashes that all well
total bye bye
we are brothers